Docs > Transforming data (#3103)
OpenRefine/OpenRefine: docs/docs/manual/reconciling.md

*   Copy reconciliation data... (to an existing column: if the original values in your reconciliation column are identical to those in your chosen column, the matched and/or new cells will copy over. Unmatched values will not change.) 
*   [Use values as identifiers](#reconciling-with-unique-identifiers) (if you are reconciling with unique identifiers instead of by doing string searches).
*   [Add entity identifiers column](#add-entity-identifiers-column).

## Reconciling with unique identifiers

Reconciliation services use unique identifiers for their entities. For example, the 14th Dalai Lama has the VIAF ID [38242123](https://viaf.org/viaf/38242123/) and the Wikidata ID [Q17293](https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q37349). If you can supply the correct identifiers directly to your chosen reconciliation service, reconciliation will be a fully automated process. 

Select the column with unique identifiers and apply the operation “Reconcile” → “Use values as identifiers.” This will bring up the list of reconciliation services you have already added (to add a new service, open the “Start reconciling…” window first). If you reconcile a column of IDs, other columns cannot be included.

> Matching identifiers does not actually "reconcile," that is, query the external service to identify matches. All cells will appear as dark blue "confirmed" matches. You may get false positives, which you will need to hover over or click on to identify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matching identifiers does not actually validate identifiers. All cells will appear as dark blue "confirmed" matches. You should check before this operation that the identifiers in the column exist on the target service.
```

![Reconciling sometimes turns up ambiguous matches.](/img/reconcileParis.gif) 

Including supplementary information can be useful, depending on the service (such as including birthdate information about each person you are trying to reconcile). The other columns in your project will appear in the reconciliation window, with an “Include?” checkbox available on each. 

You can fill in the “As Property” field with the type of information you are including - when you start typing, potential fields may pop up, such as “birthDate” in the case of ULAN or "Geburtsdatum" in the case of Integrated Authority File (GND). Use the documentation for your chosen service to identify the fields in their terms. Some services will not be able to search with your "As Property" entry, but you can still manually supply the field name. Refer to the service to make sure you enter it correctly. 

![Including a birth-date type.](/img/reconcile-by-type.png)

> If your data formatting does not exactly match that of the service you are reconciling, you may be able to use asterisks (&#42;) as wildcards to encourage more matches. [This example from the GND](https://blog.lobid.org/2019/09/30/openrefine-examples.html) uses wildcards to match a column of birth years (YYYY&#42;) to birth dates formatted as YYYY-MM-DD.

Reviewer: I would remove this part, since it is specific to this service.
